Let's take a look at the code.
We have the ad paragraph function that will create a new paragraph,
add text to it and add it to the body element.
Line 4 of this function,
invokes the Append New Message function.
Append New Message does the same thing.
It creates a paragraph, adds text to it and appends it to the body element.
Line 12 invokes the add paragraph function declared on line 1.
Let's show the call stack to keep track of the function invocations.
Okay. Now, let's run the file.
Calling this file adds an indicator called a
frame to the stack that tells us what we're running.
I'm marking this with the text Main but
some Javascript engines use the word anonymous or global or something similar.
So, let's start at the first line.
This is a function declaration so, we just move on.
Another function declaration so we move on again.
Finally, a function invocation.
Here's where it starts getting interesting.
Calling the function, adds it to the call stack and execution moves into that function.
Then, it works its way through the function until line 4.
A new function is invoked so,
it's added to the call stack and execution moves there.
Then, it just works its way through the function.
When it reaches the bottom of the function,
it's done and the function is removed from the call stack.
It moves back to where it left off and continues on.
Again, when it reaches the bottom of the function,
it's finished and the function is removed from the call stack.
Then it picks up where it left off.
It reaches the end of the file and finishes.